Update deletion-requests.md (#4477)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/deletion-requests.md

Deletion requests result in the permanent deletion of data. Once deleted, the data cannot be recovered. Ensure that you have appropriately backed up any necessary data before submitting a deletion request.
:::

:::note

> Existing messages which are not marked for deletion might be seen duplicated for couple of seconds when the data deletion is running over the range of messages. These duplicated messages will automatically disappear once the data deletion is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the data deletion process, existing messages may temporarily appear duplicated for a few seconds. These duplicated messages will automatically disappear once the data deletion is complete.
```
